Question 1
----------

    Describe a "test plan" for the various implementations of calc.  Given
    that a program cannot be tested on every possible input, what are three
    examples of tests that are implied by the spec but not checked by
    test_3_4.sh?


Answer 1
--------

    (write your answer here)

    My test plan is to check normal valid cases, boundaires, and error cases. 
    test_3_4 only checks one normal valid case so theres more to be tested.

        Three examples of tests I will check to follow spec are:

        1. checking if we allow an optional leading sign '+' or '-'
        2. Handling too many/too few input values
        3. checking out of range values



Question 2
----------

    You may have noticed that the spec says nothing about what to do if the
    user supplies too many arguments at the command line.  (Unfortunately,
    ambiguity in specifications is very common in practice and can be very
    confusing for programmers.)

    If you were asked to implement calc given this spec, you would be
    forced to choose from among at least three interpretations of what calc
    would do when called as, say, 

        ./calc 3 4 5

    1. Calc should sum all of the arguments (and print 12).

    2. Calc should ignore the third argument (and print 7).

    3. Calc should print an error message and return non-zero.

    Below, state whether your test scripts check what calc does when given
    more than two arguments.  Explain why you wrote your scripts that way.


Answer 2
--------

    (write your answer here)
    My tests check what happens when the user gives more than two args.
    Since the specs said "A calculator program takes 2 'tiny integers'." I interpreted that
    any extra arg is an error. Becuase of that my test test_extra_arg.sh checks that the program 
    prints an error message and exits with a non zero status.


    I did this becasue when testing some of the files individually
    I noticed wether I gave them too many args or too few , they printed
    "NOT ENOUGH INPUT". Also the instructions from the assignment says
    "A calculator program takes 2 'tiny integers'."  

